---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-opnsense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure interface for OSPF
---

# opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface (Data Source)

Configure interface for OSPF



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `area` (String) Assigns the network to an OSPF area using an identifier like 0.0.0.0 (Backbone Area). The Backbone Area connects other areas, supporting inter-area communication, while additional areas (e.g., 0.0.0.1, 0.0.0.255) segment the network logically to limit routing updates. Only use Area in Interface tab or in Network tab once. Defaults to `""`.
- `authkey` (Number) Specifies a password or key used for plain or MD5 authentication. Defaults to `-1`.
- `authkey_id` (Number) Numeric identifier for MD5 authentication, ensuring correct key selection. The auth key ID. Defaults to `1`.
- `authtype` (String) Defines security method for OSPF exchanges (None, plain, or MD5) to prevent unauthorized updates. Choose `MD5` or `plain`.
- `bfd` (Boolean) Activates Bidirectional Forwarding Detection for rapid link failure detection; peer configuration required. Defaults to `false`.
- `cost` (Number) Sets the OSPF metric for path selection; lower costs are preferred paths within the area. Defaults to `-1`.
- `cost_demoted` (Number) Specifies metric cost when interface is in backup mode via CARP, deprioritizing paths dynamically. Defaults to `65535`.
- `deadinterval` (Number) Defines the timeout period for OSPF neighbors; after this period, the neighbor is marked as down. Defaults to `""`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable this interface. Defaults to `true`.
- `hellointerval` (Number) Sets frequency (in seconds) of Hello packets to maintain OSPF neighbor relationships. Defaults to `-1`.
- `interfacename` (String) Select an interface where this settings apply. This uses an identifier like `lan` or or `opt2`. Defaults to `""`.
- `networktype` (String) Defines the OSPF network type, impacting adjacency and LSA flooding methods. Defaults to `""`.
- `priority` (Number) Determines the likelihood of becoming a Designated Router; higher values increase priority. Defaults to `""`.
- `retransmitdelay` (Number) Configures the hold time before LSAs are resent, accommodating slow or high-latency links. Defaults to `""`.
- `retransmitinterval` (Number) Time (seconds) to wait before resending Link-State Advertisements (LSAs) if acknowledgment is delayed. Defaults to `""`.
- `transmitdelay` (Number) Configures the hold time before LSAs are resent, accommodating slow or high-latency links. Defaults to `""`.
