---
page_title: "opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface Resource - terraform-provider-opnsense"
subcategory: Quagga
description: |-
  Configure interface for OSPF
---

# opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface (Resource)

Configure interface for OSPF

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Configure an OSPF interface
resource "opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface" "example0" {
  enabled = true
  interfacename = "opt1"
  authtype = ""
  authkey = ""
  authkey_id = 1
  area = ""
  cost = ""
  cost_demoted = 65535
  hellointerval = 30
  deadinterval = 60
  retransmitinterval = 120
  retransmitdelay = 3
  transmitdelay = 1
  priority = 100
  bfd = false
  networktype = "point-to-point"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authkey_id` (Number) Numeric identifier for MD5 authentication, ensuring correct key selection. The auth key ID. Defaults to `1`.

### Optional

- `area` (String) Assigns the network to an OSPF area using an identifier like 0.0.0.0 (Backbone Area). The Backbone Area connects other areas, supporting inter-area communication, while additional areas (e.g., 0.0.0.1, 0.0.0.255) segment the network logically to limit routing updates. Only use Area in Interface tab or in Network tab once. Defaults to `""`.
- `authkey` (Number) Specifies a password or key used for plain or MD5 authentication. Defaults to `-1`.
- `authtype` (String) Defines security method for OSPF exchanges (None, plain, or MD5) to prevent unauthorized updates. Choose `MD5` or `plain`.
- `bfd` (Boolean) Activates Bidirectional Forwarding Detection for rapid link failure detection; peer configuration required. Defaults to `false`.
- `cost` (Number) Sets the OSPF metric for path selection; lower costs are preferred paths within the area. Defaults to `-1`.
- `cost_demoted` (Number) Specifies metric cost when interface is in backup mode via CARP, deprioritizing paths dynamically. Defaults to `65535`.
- `deadinterval` (Number) Defines the timeout period for OSPF neighbors; after this period, the neighbor is marked as down. Defaults to `-1`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable this interface. Defaults to `true`.
- `hellointerval` (Number) Sets frequency (in seconds) of Hello packets to maintain OSPF neighbor relationships. Defaults to `-1`.
- `interfacename` (String) Select an interface where this settings apply. This uses an identifier like `lan` or or `opt2`. Defaults to `""`.
- `networktype` (String) Defines the OSPF network type, impacting adjacency and LSA flooding methods. Defaults to `""`.
- `priority` (Number) Determines the likelihood of becoming a Designated Router; higher values increase priority. Defaults to `-1`.
- `retransmitdelay` (Number) Configures the hold time before LSAs are resent, accommodating slow or high-latency links. Defaults to `-1`.
- `retransmitinterval` (Number) Time (seconds) to wait before resending Link-State Advertisements (LSAs) if acknowledgment is delayed. Defaults to `-1`.
- `transmitdelay` (Number) Configures the hold time before LSAs are resent, accommodating slow or high-latency links. Defaults to `-1`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the interface.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface using the `id`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface.example
  id = "<opnsense-resource-id>"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import opnsense_quagga_ospf_interface.example <opnsense-resource-id>
```